Moharram said the coral cut a hole in the ship's side, and water also entered through the boarding doors Only seven bodies have been recovered since the ferry went down, leaving 462 people missing.
Prime Minister Atef Sidki ,who traveled to Safaga ,said many passengers may have been on lifeboats driven far from the wreck scene by strong winds Ahmed Gamal Sobhi ,Safaga 's city council chairman ,said only four bodies were recovered by Egyptian vessels and helicopters and the time nightfall and bad weather stopped Sunday 's search The weather improved today as two helicopters from the U.S. Navy frigate Aubrey Fitch ,which joined in the rescue effort on Sunday night ,and a Navy P-3 submarine-chaser aircraft made their first daylight search runs ,said Lt. Cmdr. Rudolph Brewington ,a Pentagon duty officer "They 've observed lots of wreckage ,empty life rafts ,an oil slick but no additional bodies and no survivors ,"he said Survivors said that after the ship struck the reef ,crew members herded them to one side of the listing boat to keep it from heeling over ,then pushed passengers aside to get to the lifeboats "They went off in a boat ,"passenger Abdel-A 'ati Hassan ,31 ,said from his hospital bed in Safaga .
Survivors said that after the ferry hit the reef ,crew members herded them to one side of the listing boat ,then pushed passengers aside to get to lifeboats "They went off in a boat ,"passenger Abdel-A 'ati Hassan ,31 ,said from his hospital bed .
The move followed the July 21 capsizing of a ferry on the Min River in Southwestern Sichuan province in which 133 people died, and the July 25 sinking of a passenger boat on the Yangtze River in which 71 people drowned.
They said the 1,105-ton ferry lay on its starboard -- or right-hand -- side, with its port side protruding from the water Lt. Gen. Salah Halaby, chief of staff of Egypt's armed forces, said 30 Egyptian navy divers were searching for victims or, less likely, survivors The Salem Express sank after a trip from Jiddah, Saudi Arabia, to Safaga, 290 miles south of Cairo.